Team Type Administration

_Available in: [enter applicable editions here]_

A Team Type is a template for the layout of the team. The Teams Admin will manage the different team types. When you create a new team it will ask for the team type you would like to use to determine which layout to use. If you change a team type be aware that it will change the layout of all teams using that Team Type.

To find the team type administration you will: 
 * Navigate to the "Teams" Tab
 * Find an area called "Admin Quick Links"
 * Select on the link name "Setup"

The Team types management interface consistes of a list of teams and the Team Type config. You can create, edit, clone, and deactivate a team.

*New Team Type 

 * Click on the new button in the Team admin Setup area above the list of "Popular Team Types"
 * Enter a name and description for the team type that will be used later when you create a team
 * Follow the instructions on the page and "Click to add widgets". This will allow you to choice from a list of Salesforce widgts to add to the interface
 * A overlay will appear with the list of Saleforce Widgets. Select the name of the widget to add it to the Team Type.
 * Click "Save" when you have added and arranged all the widgets in the team area to your satisfaction.
  
*Edit Team Type* 
  
To edit a team type select the "Edit" link to the left of the team type list items. Then follow the same instructions to change the team area as the new Team Type flow.

*Clone Team Type* 
  
To clone a team type select the "Clone" link to the left of the team type list items. Then follow the same instructions to change the team area as the new Team Type flow.

*Deactivate Team Type* 
  
You can only deactivate a team type and not delete because this team type will probably already be in use. Deactivating a team type will remove it from the available list of Team types.